Name the city of the birth of The Beatles in 1Name the song: 0?
Liverpool.
Name the two prime songwriters of the band.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
Name the original bass guitarist of the group.
Stuart Sutcliffe.
Name the drummer who used to play for The Beatles but was eventually replaced.
Pete Best.
Name the drummer who joined The Beatles in 1Name the song: 2.
Ringo Starr.
Name the famous manager of The Beatles who is referred to as the fifth Beatle.
Brian Epstein.
Can you name the band's producer?
George Martin.
What was the title of The Beatles' debut single?
Love Me Do.
When was the debut single of The Beatles launched?
Name the song: th Oct 1Name the song: 2.
What word was invented to describe the hysteria that surrounded the English rock band in the 'Name the song: 0s?
Beatlemania.
Who came up with the idea to name the band as Beatles?
Stuart Sutcliffe.
Name the band that Ringo Starr was in before The Beatles.
Rory Storm and The Hurricanes.
Name the Indian sitar player with whom George Harrison collaborated.
Ravi Shankar.
Do you remember the group's only single between 1963 and 1967 that failed to reach the top of the charts?
Yellow Submarine.
Who shot John Lennon on 8 December 1980?
Mark David Chapman.
The sleeve notes of which record led to the Beatles being nicknamed "The Fab Four"?
With The Beatles.
Who was the oldest of The Fab Four?
Ringo Starr.
Who was the first of The Beatles to get married?
John Lennon.
What was the name of the record label that was founded by The Beatles in 1Name the song: 8?
Apple Records.
Name The Beatles' first single to sell a million copies.
She Loves You.
Which The Beatles song holds the record for the most versions covered by different artists?
Yesterday.
Name the last album recorded by the Beatles.
Abbey Road.
Where did George Martin's first recording session with the Beatles take place?
Abbey Road Studio in London.
Which member took Ringo's place on drums when he temporarily quit the band during the recording of 'The White Album'?
Paul McCartney.
Name the pop artist who designed the cover of 'The White Album.
Richard Hamilton.
Name the session drummer for the album version of 'Love Me Do'.
Andy White.
When did The Beatles release the album titled 'The Beatles'?
1968.
For which album did The Beatles record ten songs during a single studio session?
Please Please Me.
Name the third single ofThe Beatles?
From Me to You.
Which Beatles song did Frank Sinatra call the "greatest love song ever written"?
Something.
Which Beatles song was written for Mia Farrow's sister?
Dear Prudence.
Which album took over 700 hours of recordings?
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
What is the first Beatles song where George Harrison plays the sitar?
Norwegian Wood.
Which was the only song John Lennon recorded completely by himself during his time with The Beatles?
Julia.
Which album only has songs written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
A Hard Day's Night.
The Beatles gave their first live US television performance on which show?
The Ed Sullivan Show'.
The US television debut of the band was watched by approximately how many viewers?
73 million.
Why did the BBC ban 'I Am the Walrus'?
Because of the word "knicker".
Which was their first with the complete lyrics printed on the album cover.
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
What was the last song John Lennon played for a paying audience?
I Saw Her Standing There.
Who played the drum while recording 'Love Me Do'?
Andy White.
What was the first ever song written by George and recorded by The Beatles?
Don't Bother Me.
How much did The Beatles receive for performing three times on 'The Ed Sullivan Show'?
$10,000.
What was the first song the band performed live for an audience in America?
All My Loving.
What was the working title of 'Yesterday'?
Scrambled Eggs.
Which song was taken from the Broadway musical 'The Music Man'?
Till There Was You.
Which song was first time horns were used in a Beatles song?
Got To Get You Into My Life.
In 1960, the band toured Scotland as the support act for which singer?
Johnny Gentle.
Which song ends with a chord played on three different pianos and a harmonium?
A Day In The Life.
Which was the only song on 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' that wasn't written by Lennon-McCartney?
Within You Without You.
Name the song: "All the lonely people, where do they all belong?"
Eleanor Rigby.
Name the song: "Suddenly, I'm not half the man I used to be."
Yesterday.
Name the song: '"When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to me speaking words of wisdom."
Let It Be.
Name the song: "Take a sad song and make it better."
Hey Jude.
Name the song: "Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding all you see, it's getting hard to be someone."
Strawberry Fields Forever.
Name the song: "I'll buy you a diamond ring my friend If it makes you feel alright."
Can't Buy Me, Love.
Name the song: "Got a good reason for taking the easy way out."
Day Tripper.
Name the song: "Oh yea' I'll tell you something, I think you'll understand."
She Loves You.
Name the song: "Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here.2
Here Comes The Sun.
Name the song: "All your life, you were only waiting for this moment to arise."
Blackbird.
Name the song: "Baby's good to me you know, she's happy as can be you know."
I Feel Fine.
Name the song: "Last night I said these words to my girl, I know you never even try girl."
Please Please Me.
Name the song: "Well, shake it up baby now."
Twist And Shout.
Name the song: "Try to see it my way, do I have to keep on talking 'till I can't go on."
We Can Work It Out.
Name the song: "Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, tomorrow I'll miss you."
All My Loving.
Name the song: "If there's anything that you want If there's anything I can do."
From Me To You.
Name the song: "There are places that I'll remember all my life, though some have changed."
In My Life.
Name the song: "Do you need anybody? I need somebody to love."
With A Little Help From My Friends.
Name the song: "Hold me, love me, hold me, love me I ain't got nothing but love, girl."
Eight Days A Week.
Name the song: "Half of what I say is meaningless."
Julia.
Which famous singer sent a telegram congratulating The Beatles before a live performance?
Elvis Presley.
Why was Paul McCartney deported from Germany?
On suspicion of arson.
Which song contributes to the conspiracy theory that McCartney has died?
Strawberry Fields Forever.
Who did John Lennon write 'How Do You Sleep' about?
Paul McCartney.
In which city did they perform their last concert?
San Francisco.
What was the final record of John Lennon and Yoko Ono?
Milk And Honey.
Which song includes French lyrics?
Michelle.
Who said, “I just kept it to myself that I really dug them” about The Beatles?
Bob Dylan.
John married whom in his second marriage?
Yoko Ono.
Which song was inspired by Paul McCartney's dog?
Martha, My Dear.
How many Grammy awards have they won?
Seven  (excluding awards for individuals or special awards).
How many studio albums did they release?
13.
Name the working title for 'Help!'.
Eight Arms To Hold You.
How many Grammys nominations did The Beatles receive?
23
Which member is ambidextrous?
Ringo.
Name the lead singer in 'Winston's Walk'.
George Harrison.
Who played the guitar solo in 'Hey Bulldog'?
George Harrison.
Who produced 'Let It Be'?
Phil Spector.
What was the name of their first album released in America?
Introducing The Beatles.
Which is the most iconic Beatles album cover.
Abbey Road.